
# Bunco

Create an application of the game, Bunco. Bunco is a family-friendly dice game that requires no skill and is all luck. The two-player game is played with three dice and consists of six rounds. Each round will have a target value—e.g., first round has target value of one, second round has target value of two. During a round, all players take turns rolling the dice until one of the players has 21 points. A player’s turn consists of rolling the three dice together. For each dice that is the target value, the player gets one point added to his/her round score. An exception to getting one point for each dice that is the target value is if all three dice are the target value; this is a Big Bunco and is worth five points. A player’s turn continues until he/she rolls the dice and none of the dice are the target value. In addition to getting points when rolling the target value, if all three dice have the same value (that is not the target value) then this is a Little Bunco, which is worth three points but ends a player’s turn. Each player will have a name, total score, current round score, number of rounds won, number of big buncos, and number of little buncos. The scores and counts for each player should be output at the end of the game. 

## Update

I want to be able to play Bunco with more friends (game with 2-10 players). I also want to be able to use dice other than the typically six-sided dice. I want to be able to use any dice that has between (inclusive) six and twenty-six sides labelled with numbers. With the change in dice type, I would like the number of rounds to be based on the number of sides on the dice used—one round for each side of the dice being used. I should have the option to see or not see each roll of the dice. I should have the option to see or not see each player’s scores/counts at the end of each round. 